Even as the secretary of homeland security was putting his people on high alert last month , a 30-foot Cuban patrol boat with four heavily armed men landed on American shores , utterly undetected by the Coast Guard Secretary Ridge now leads .
He lost an election to a dead man .
NOVAK Paul , as I understand your definition of a political -- of a professional politician based on that is somebody who is elected to public office .
And these bozos let four armed Cubans land on our shores when they 're trying to make a high terrorist alert .
Hire professionals , Mr. President .
It 's OK to put Democratic career politicians at the Pentagon and the Justice Department if they 're Democrats but not if they 're Republicans , is that right ? BEGALA No , the difference is Janet Reno was a career prosecutor .
Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut made the announcement today that he would not be the 10th candidate for the nomination .
He explained he could better spend the next two years on homeland security , the economy and judicial nominations .
In all , two million Americans have lost their jobs under President Bush so far , not to mention three of them being the top three leaders of his economic team .
It could swell to as much as $ 500 billion if we go to war in Iraq .
Orders went out today to deploy 17,000 U.S. Army soldiers in the Persian Gulf region .
We 're talking about possibilities of full scale war with former Congressman Tom Andrews , Democrat of Maine .
He 's now national director of Win Without War , and former Congressman Bob Dornan , Republican of California .
BEGALA Bob , one of the reasons I think so many Americans are worried about this war and so many people around the world do n't want to go is there have been a lot of problems with credibility from this administration .
Our president has repeatedly , for example , relied on a man whom you 're aware , Hussein Kamel , Saddam Hussein 's son-in-law , leader of the Iraq arms program who defected for a time .
And gave us a whole lot of information and then went home and his father-in-law killed him .
The fact that this guy was such an idiot to go back and let his father-in-law kill him shows he was n't the most stable of people .
Clinton suffered greatly over the 19 Rangers that died , 18 on the 3rd of October and Matt Reersen ( ph ) three days later .
I visited all their families .
Let me tell you , what trips to Walter Reed taught me was , that whoever thought up the term , the law of unintended consequences it pertains to war .
He will blow a city off the earth in a minute if he can get the hold of the means to do it .
NOVAK Tom Andrews , I think we all realize that a government does n't go to war a nation goes to war .
And so I would like you to take a look at the CNN/ '' USA TODAY '' /Gallup poll , taken last week , should U.S. troops to go to Iraq to remove Saddam Hussein from power .
Favor 59 % , opposed 37 % , that 's a vastly larger support than President Bush Senior had in getting the U.S. troops out of Kuwait before that war started .
Ask them about going and not just a war , Bob , but an invasion and occupying for up to 10 years a sovereign Arab nation in the midst of one of the most distable and volatile regions in the world .
05 STORY 2003-03-03T19:00:00-05:00 New Questions About Attacking Iraq ; Is Torturing Terrorists Necessary ? NOVAK Former Arkansas Governor and U.S. Senator Dale Bumpers has just published a memoir called `` The Best Lawyer in a One-Lawyer Town .
You cite a session you had with President Lyndon Johnson in Austin , I guess , at his ranch , right ? Here is what you quote our President Johnson to you .
`` When I was majority leader , and later president , I spent all my time pulling every power string I could find to pull , trying to pass bills that helped people .
I knew it was time to leave .
And I 've said many times , if we all agreed on everything , everybody would want to marry Betty and we would really be in a mess , would n't we , Bob ? NOVAK Senator Bumpers , of the 22 senators of the old confederacy , when I got to Washington with the Associated Press , 45 years ago , 22 of them were Democrats , nine were Republicans .
BUMPERS Bob , I think that the reason everybody in the south -- you know , first of all , we were -- when Franklin Roosevelt was elected president , we had been living what we thought was still a conquered nation after the Civil War .
And from that time on , that 's the reason we had 22 Democratic senators from 11 confederate states , is because of the Civil War and because of what we thought was a heavy hand of the federal government all the time .
A million and a half veterans came out of War World II on the GI bill and got that kind of an education .
I 'm chewing gum and talking on the phone while writing this note .
Dan Snyder of Baden , Pennsylvania writes , `` Bush should torture the al Qaeda chief operations officer .
If the budget goes through as is , why don't Mr. Begala and Mr. Carville just donate the extra tax money they don't want ? '' I say that to all the rich millionaire Democrats , like Carville and Begala , who do n't want tax cuts .
BEGALA I 'll donate to the Democrats .
David Horn of Long Island , New York , writes , `` How can Bush say he 's for democracy ? He had to sue to become our president , and he keeps trying to bribe other countries ' democratic governments into his supporting his agenda .
And now how are people going to argue that the U.S. can no longer both fight a war with Iraq and also fight terrorism , specifically al Qaeda ? NOVAK That 's a great question .
We go to war in Iraq , 200,000 people start protesting in Pakistan , they put too much pressure on the government .
What I ca n't stand is a president who is going to screw up our war against terrorism when I thought that was his job .
President Bush today renewed his call for a $ 250,000 cap on pain and suffering damages from the victims of medical malpractice .
Is her family 's pain and suffering only worth $ 250,000 ? Here to debate medical malpractice reform are consumer advocate Ralph Nader and Dr. Donald Palmisano , the president-elect of the American Medical Association .
Over 80,000 Americans , 220 every day die from medical negligence , hundred of thousands are injured .
NOVAK That runs against the fact that so many of them are just leaving their practice because they ca n't afford it .
Can you say that the lawyers , the trial lawyers who appoint millions and millions of dollars into Democratic coffers in order to keep this , do you believe that this is healthy .
NADER Well , as much as they 've poured into those coffers , it 's much less than what the doctors , the malpractice insurers , the hospital chains and the HMOs and the nursing home chains have poured into members of Congress' coffers .
Are we going to allow severely injured people who have found a lung taken out that 's the wrong lung or a double mastectomy that was n't indicated that was inflicted on a woman in the Midwest , or that organ transplant that was incompatible on that 17-year-old teenager in North Carolina .
Are we going to say to these and so many others , you ca n't have your full day in court ? The Congress is going to handcuff the judges and juries in the United States at the state court level ? I have n't yet met one senator or representative who 's for this bill who has demonstrated that the jurors in their home state and the judges in their home state are incompetent , unwilling or unable to perform justice in these medical malpractice cases .
BEGALA There was a hear on Capitol Hill today .
He 's the father of a little girl , 13-month-old girl , who he said today died because of medical malpractice .
She died awaiting surgery .
Does that look like a Lottery winner to you , holding a picture of his dead baby ? PALMISANO Well , the current medical liability system is affecting patients in that they ca n't get access to care .
That's why we founded the National Patient Safety Foundation .
And what we're finding now is that the emergency rooms are closing , trauma centers are closing , pregnant women ca n't find a doctor to deliver the baby , a boy knocked unconscious has to be transported to another state .
The patient had to be airavacked and by that time it was too late to prevent the brain damage .
Who are you , who 's our president to tell him that his suffering is only worth $ 250,000 for the loss of a child ? PALMISANO Well , what has to be done here is balance .
It brought stability to California and obstetricians in California will pay 55 , 57 , $ 60,000 in Los Angeles and in South Florida in Miami , they 'll pay $ 210,000 .
That 's one-third of what they pay a receptionist .
And in some states , for example , there are doctors that are -- you know , there are 45 payouts in ten years and they 're not disciplined by the state medical board .
I mean , you 've got 5 percent of the doctors accounting for over 55 percent of the payoffs , Paul .
It lists multiple claims against one physician when actually it 's really one claim , different insurers pay on the same physician and it 's counted as one claim .
Right now in South Florida , in South Florida , the latest poll shows that every neurosurgeon has been sued .
The average number of suits against a neurosurgeon is five in South Florida .
three young boys , ages 2 , 5 and 10 survived and are in critical condition after spending in 18 hours in the cold .
the father , who was piloting the plane , also was rescued , but died late yesterday at the hospital .
the boys ' mother and two other brothers were killed .
officials say the pilot reported ice on the plane and planned to land in massachusetts when the plane left radar .
the family had been heading to new hampshire from lakeland , florida when their plane went down .
airlines are getting flyers to destinations ontime more often .
despite operating under bankruptcy laws , united posted the best on time performance .
of course there are ongoing fears about terrorism and a war with iraq .
13 NEWS STORY 2003-03-12 15:15:10 lawyers in texas are trying to keep their client from becoming the 300th person executed in the state since 1982 , when texas resumed capital punishment .
they 're asking the supreme court to block tonight 's scheduled execution of delma banks .
banks was convicted of shooting and killing a 16-year-old at a park in 1980 .
he 'd be the 11th killer put to death in texas this year .
warplanes hit targets including a ridge east of mosul , where iraqi troops have been entrenched .
two f-14 tomcats struck the targets , the same area was a site of heavy bombing yesterday .
after today 's air strikes , 13 iraqi soldiers abandoned their posts and surrendered to kurdish fighters .
one concern these men have in the waterways of iraq is the threat of an ambush , so there are five weapon stations on the special operations craft .
that 's what we 're doing as we come through here and completely search theses have else to make sure there 's no one lurking on there with weapons or rpgs or some other pad to take down helos that are flying by or any other ships that are coming in through here .
-led forces are approaching iraq 's capital after destroying the medina and baghdad divisions of the republican guard .
attacks are to blame for hundreds of civilians casualties in hillah .
a member of the international committee of red cross visited the local hospital there , and he says it 's a horrible scene .
troops have launched an attack on saddam international airport .
witnesses say iraqi troops are dug in trying to fend off coalition troops making their way into the capital 's main airport .
a reuters correspondent said dozens of iraqi civilians and soldiers were killed in what witnesses called a barrage of u .
a key faction bidding for control announced it will protest the presence of a prominent iraqi exile leader .
the head of the iraqi democratic movement says his group will hold a demonstration in nasiriyah to denounce the presence of ahmad chalabi .
he was escorted into iraq tuesday by u .
chalabi staged his own rally yesterday to support his bid to become the next leader of iraq .
ozzy 's wife reportedly got into a fight with hollywood agent renee tab .
osbourne's spokeswomen says sharon was quote , `` viciously assaulted and treated at a hospital .
a spokesman says that if any charges are filed , they will be on the low end of the misdemeanor scale .
palestinian sources say he had tried to flee into syria , but was turned away at the border .
in october of 1985 , four hijackers under his command took over the italian cruise ship `` achille lauro '' and killed a wheelchair- bound american tourist , leo klinghoffer .
abbas was convicted in absentia by an italian court and sentenced to five life terms in prison .
the flight attendants came in with a close vote rejecting these concessions so the ceo has extended the deadline today , if they do n't ratify these agreements , amr will have to file for bankruptcy .
they 'll be arriving at ramstein air base in germany a few hours from now .
once doctors there say they are good to go , the seven will head stateside .
medical officers say they became a team while in captivity and want to stay together as a team until it 's time to go to their separate homes .
26 NEWS STORY 2003-04-16 19:49:36 major league baseball sent its head of security to chicago to review the second incident of an on-field fan attack in the last seven months .
marines and residents exchanged gunfire in the city of mosul today , in the second day of civil disturbances there .
a senior kurdish intelligence official says citizens were protesting the american occupation of the city 's main government building .
seven iraqis were killed by u .
hospital officials say 17 people have been killed and 18 wounded over the past 2 days .
central command says troops were involved in a gun battle yesterday .
25 NEWS STORY 2003-04-24 13:52:32 police in pennsylvania a student fatally shot a principal before killing himself this morning .
it happened in the cafeteria of red lion area junior high school about 30 miles southeast of harrisburg .
it happened at 7:30 this morning .
students then were moved across the street to a senior high school .
negotiators say he demanded the release of four prisoners , including ramzi binalshibh , a september 11th suspect apprehended last year in pakistan .
police captured the 17-year-old hijacking suspect without firing a shot .
a russian soyuz capsule dropped them off this morning after docking perfectly at the orbiting outpost .
it was the first manned flight to the space station since the february first shuttle `` columbia '' disaster .
the soyuz will carry that crew back to earth may 4th .
at a white house gathering of aids activists and lawmakers from around the world , the president said hir plan could prevent 7 million new hiv infections -- and treat at least 2 million people over the next decade .
Future Elections Who do you think should run for President/Vice President in 2008 , and why ? Give details about the people you suggest - their names , what they do now , and why you think they would do a good job as President .
B Do n't you ? She would be my s- -- well you know what , actually , I liked Dean a lot I must say , in this election .
B Oh , really ? A Do some reading on those three people , those are some people you should be really looking uh looking at , if y- if uh B You 're obviously a qu- -- a pretty politically savvy kind of guy , are n't you ? A Well , I was the one , who just happened to go home back in like nineteen eighty or something and saw Bill Clinton B Oh , yeah ? A on on television .
A I said , that guy could be President .
And I said , that guy could be president .
So I went and volunteered for him and everything , and -- and I met Hillary , and and Tipper and Al , and and I almost got to meet him .
Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace .
Uh not me personally , but we uh we all meet there and we we have our little sales meetings every morning .
I mean , we go over whatever -- whatever has to be -- talked about that day , and then they 're all we just kind of -- go out and do our appointments in the afternoon , or in the evenings .
You know , we have to meet with uh -- people that come to ~K Mart or Sam 's Club .
So you were in Pittsburgh , and you went a hundred miles to the south , or eighty miles south , you 'd be in Fairmont .
Yeah , I did go through -- West Virginia , one time through -- from Pittsburgh .
I had relatives that lived outside of Pittsburgh , once , and I went to Florida from there , so I did go through West Virginia .
Suzanne And when I started there , in two thousand and two , there were only twenty-three employees , and to date , we have about a hundred and forty .
Um I worked -- we just recently um got bought by our our strategic partner -- so , whoa , my radio .
Yes , we got uh purchased by our strategic partner , so um Karim Y'all recently got bought ? Oh .
Karim What you say ? Why 're you , why 're you at um -- um -- I 'm going to come over here tonight .
Karim I started there in like -- uh I 'd say about -- what was that , I think it was -- two thousand two .
Exactly we we got uh we got a lot of programs we got like basketball programs for the kids to play basketball , volleyball , um we take them out on a lot of trips , lot of field trips .
Every Wednesday , we go down to the uh River Bank Park .
So we could raise raise money , so we could take them to Great Adventure .
0250 NEWS STORY 20030304 Death toll in Philippine blast could hit 30 : radio ATTENTION - ADDS fears of toll rising /// DAVAO , Philippines , March 4 ( AFP ) At least 19 people were killed and 114 people were wounded in Tuesday 's southern Philippines airport blast , officials said , but reports said the death toll could climb to 30 .
Radio station DXDC placed the death toll at 30 , without giving a source for the figure , which officials could not immediately confirm .
The Davao Medical Center , a regional government hospital , recorded 19 deaths with 50 wounded .
Medical evacuation workers however said the injured list was around 114 , spread out at various hospitals .
A powerful bomb tore through a waiting shed at the Davao City international airport at about 5 .
15 pm ( 0915 GMT ) while another explosion hit a bus terminal at the city .
There were no reports of injuries in the second blast .
The waiting shed literally exploded , '' said Vice Mayor Luis Bongoyan , speaking to local radio station Television footage showed medical teams carting away dozens of wounded victims with fully armed troops on guard .
0918 NEWS STORY 20030305 15 dead as suicide bomber blasts student bus , Israel hits back in Gaza HAIFA , Israel , March 5 ( AFP ) - Fifteen people were killed and more than 30 wounded Wednesday as a suicide bomber blew himself up on a student bus in the northern town of Haifa , the first bombing in Israel in exactly two months .
Several hours later , dozens of Israeli tanks advanced into the northern Gaza Strip backed by helicopters which fired at least three rockets in the Jabaliya area , Palestinian security sources said .
Palestinian medical sources said 60-year-old Mohammed al-Biyari was killed in his home near Jabaliya refugee camp by the rocket fire and another wounded .
A second rocket landed in farmlands and the other hit a house inside the refugee camp , but without causing further casualties , Palestinian security sources said .
Two 13-year-old children were among those killed in the Haifa bus bombing , Israeli public radio said , adding that most of the victims were youngsters .
The bus was ripped to shreds while travelling between a residential area and Haifa university .
Israel 's night-time raid in Gaza involving around 40 tanks and armoured vehicles came after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon convened his security cabinet to discuss a response to the bomb attack .
Israeli media said the retaliation was unlikely to be on a scale that would risk disrupting US preparations for war on Iraq .
The Palestinian suicide bomber on the Haifa bus came from the southern West Bank town of Hebron , public radio said , naming him as 20-year-old Mahmoud Hamadan Salim Qawasmi .
Apart from his ID card , also found in the wreckage were the remains of a letter allegedly outlining his plan to carry out a suicide attack and praising the September 2001 destruction of the World Trade Centre in New York , it said .
Israeli forces moved into Hebron 's Al-Sheikh district where his family lived and arrested Qawasmi 's brother and father after the bombing , they said .
Without claiming responsibility , Hamas and another hardline group , Islamic Jihad , said the blast was revenge for a string of bloody Israeli army raids into the Gaza Strip in recent weeks .
But the Palestinian Authority condemned the attack , saying it would divert international sympathy away from the far higher Palestinian civilian death toll .
`` We condemn all attacks against civilians including today 's attack in Haifa , '' said information minister Yasser Abed Rabbo .
The Palestinian leadership said the attack would serve as `` a pretext for Israel 's government and occupation army to step up its deadly campaign which caused the deaths of 77 Palestinians in February '' .
It was the first bomb attack inside Israel since January 5 , and came just days after the hawkish Sharon appointed the most right-wing government in Israel 's history on a pledge to get tough on security .
In the January attack , two Palestinian suicide bombers blew themselves up in central Tel Aviv , killing 23 other people .
Israeli government spokesman Avi Pazner called the latest deadly blast a `` very grave attack '' and said the Jewish state would take '' vigorous action against the terrorist organisations '' .
He told AFP that Israeli intelligence had been dealing with at least 40 tip-offs of impending attacks when the Haifa bus was blown up .
Bush condemned the `` attack on innocents in Israel , '' White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said , adding that `` his message to the terrorists is : Their efforts will not be succcessful .
`` EU foreign policy supremo Javier Solana likewise slammed the attack , although he also took a jab at Israel , saying , `` There have been too many civilians killed in the last weeks and the last days .
The spokesman added that he `` would obviously call on all sides to do what they can to break the cycle of violence , because it is only through engagement that we can realise the vision everyone wants to see .
`` The bus attack came just two days after Israeli forces staged a bloody raid into a refugee camp in central Gaza targeting a founding member of Hamas , which has spearheaded suicide bombings against the Jewish state .
Hamas vowed to continue its attacks , while the Palestinian Authority accused Israel of trying to disrupt top-level Palestinian meetings to discuss reforms of Arafat 's administration .
Eight people , including a pregnant woman and a 13-year-old child were killed in Monday 's Gaza raid , provoking US-led international calls for Israeli restraint .
And on Tuesday , Israeli troops shot dead an elderly Palestinian shepherd outside a Jewish settlement on the edge of Gaza City .
In the West Bank , an eight-year-old Palestinian boy as well as his brother and a sister were wounded late Wednesday by Israeli gunfire in a village north of the town of Ramallah , their elder sister said .
0491 NEWS STORY 20030311 Sotheby 's , Christie 's pay 40 million dollars over antitrust suits NEW YORK , March 11 ( AFP ) The world 's most powerful fine art auction houses , Sotheby 's and Christie 's , have agreed to pay 40 million dollars to settle an international price-fixing scam , Sotheby 's said .
The payment , if approved by the courts , would settle a slew of suits by clients over auctions held between 1993 and 2000 outside the United States , it said in a statement .
`` Under the terms of the settlement agreement , Sotheby 's and Christie 's will each pay 20 million dollars , '' said Sotheby 's , which operates in 34 countries .
Buyers and sellers also would have to agree not to pursue further cases in foreign courts .
The litigation covers buyers in auctions outside the United States between January 1 , 1993 and February 7 , 2000 , and sellers between September 1 , 1995 and February 7 , 2000 .
Similar claims over US-based auctions were settled in an agreement struck in September 2000 for a total of 512 million dollars .
In December 2001 , a Manhattan jury convicted Sotheby 's main shareholder and former chairman Alfred Taubman of entering into a price-fixing agreement with Christie 's .
Four months later , the billionaire was sentenced to one year in prison and a 7 .
5-million-dollar fine over the price-fixing , which prosecutors said had cost clients of both firms 400 million dollars .
Christie 's was not prosecuted in the United States after its management agreed to testify against Sotheby 's and provide documents needed to prove fraudulent intent .
Sotheby 's said it would record the 20-million-dollar settlement as a special charge for 2002 .
It would be funded in two payments of 10 million dollars each upon preliminary and final court approval .
0238 NEWS STORY 20030314 Stalemate at the Security Council ; Washington warns it may bypass UN = ( PICTURES + GRAPHIC ) = UNITED NATIONS , March 14 ( AFP ) Efforts were to continue at the United Nations Friday to find a breakthrough in the diplomatic stalemate on Iraq , with Washington warning it could bypass the Security Council and go to war alone .
With marathon talks at the top world body failing late Thursday to reconcile French and Russian opposition to US-British war plans , the United States upped its military presence , deploying more missile-firing warships to the Red Sea .
`` The six are now working on a paper and we will see the outcome of that consultation , maybe tomorrow ( Friday ) '' Jean-Marc de La Sabliere told reporters .
British efforts to provide a way out of the diplomatic mire at the United Nations ended without agreement late Thursday , but with London 's ambassador to the UN , Jeremy Greenstock , saying he expected talks to go on into the weekend .
His US counterpart , John Negroponte , said : `` I ca n't say we are much farther along today than we were yesterday , '' after hours of talks on six British benchmarks to test Iraq 's compliance with council demands .
`` We are still talking to the members of the council with respect to coalescing around a position that would n't draw a veto , but the options remain : go for a vote and see what members say , or not go for a vote , '' Powell said .
Diplomatic wrangling has centred around the French and Russian refusal to put their names to any resolution allowing the United States to unleash its military might against Iraq before weapons inspections have run their course .
He repeated that Moscow would not back a resolution that authorised an attack against Iraq : `` It is not necessary now to adopt any new resolution on Iraq , especially resolutions which lead to war .
The United States meanwhile deployed its B-2 stealth bombers to positions closer to Iraq and ordered as many as 15 warships capable of firing Tomahawk cruise missiles to the Red Sea from the Mediterranean , US officials said .
0879 NEWS STORY 20030319 Barry Diller resigns as CEO of Vivendi Universal Entertainment ATTENTION - ADDS details , background /// NEW YORK , March 19 ( AFP ) Media tycoon Barry Diller on Wednesday quit as chief of Vivendi Universal Entertainment , the entertainment unit of French giant Vivendi Universal whose future appears up for grabs .
In a statement , Diller -- who took on the `` provisional '' role at the top of Vivendi 's US entertainment operations in December -- said his USA Interactive group will nonetheless remain a shareholder of Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
`` As part of the 11-billion-dollar sale of USA Interactive 's film and television operations to the French media company in December 2001 , USA Interactive received 2 .
In Paris , the French media group said parent company chairman Jean-Rene Fourtou will replace Diller as chairman and chief executive of US unit .
Vivendi , in a statement , said that Diller had , `` in full agreement with Vivendi Universal , '' announced that he was `` ending his temporary assignment as CEO of Vivendi Universal Entertainment .
`` Vivendi Universal , the world 's second-largest media group after AOL Time Warner of the United States , has been digging out from under a mountain of debt since the removal of expansionist boss Jean-Marie Messier last July , largely through asset sales .
Speculation has been rife that troubled Vivendi has been weighing a spinoff or sale of its US film , television and theme park operations as part of its restructuring .
0722 NEWS STORY 20030320 Thousands take to streets across Mideast to protest war = ( PICTURES ) = CAIRO , March 20 ( AFP ) Tens of thousands of people took to the streets across the Middle East Thursday , demonstrating against military strikes on Iraq and calling on Muslims to wage jihad against the United States and its allies .
Lebanon and the Palestinian Authority issued fierce denunciations of the US-led attacks , while the Egyptian government daily Al-Ahram warned it marked `` the beginning an era of US colonisation that will benefit only Israel '' .
Protests against the action aimed at toppling Iraqi President Saddam Hussein were held in cities across Libya , Egypt and Lebanon , as well as in Amman , Damascus and the Gaza Strip .
However , there were no reports of protests against the war from the Gulf states , many of whom are host to US military personnel .
Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal spoke of the `` kingdom 's hope for a quick halt in military action and for the return to peaceful efforts '' , the state SPA news agency reported .
Lebanese President Emile Lahoud , meanwhile , was more forthright , strongly denouncing Washington 's `` aggression '' and warning that it could have repercussions beyond the borders of the pariah state .
and we see this aggression today plunging the world into a tunnel where one can not see the end , '' he said in a statement .
`` For these reasons , we judge that it is necessary that the forces of peace and those who believe in right and justice take the necessary and rapid steps to halt this dangerous slide into war against Iraq which will result in heavy human and material losses .
`` The Palestinian Authority also condemned Thursday 's early morning missile strikes on Iraq , and warned Israel not to exploit the conflict .
`` We Palestinians are against the war and we totally condemn this war in the Middle East .
`` We are warning Israel not to exploit this war against Iraq to carry out more attacks against the Palestinian people in the Gaza Strip and destroy the Palestinian Authority and the peace process , '' he said .
The radical Palestinian movement Islamic Jihad warned that `` the war against Iraq is a war against the whole region '' , while Hamas issued a chilling warning against those taking part in the war against Iraq .
`` The aggression by the vile Americans and the war against Iraq signifies a war against all Arabs and Muslims around the world , '' said Hamas senior official Abdul Aziz al-Rantissi .
In the Egyptian capital , 10 demonstrators and at least four policeman were injured in clashes after several thousand demonstrators took to the streets near the US and British embassies .
Riot police intervened after the protestors , who included hundreds of students from the American University in Cairo , rallied on the city's central Tahrir Square , close to both the university campus and the US embassy .
More than 1,000 people also gathered at Cairo 's Al-Azhar Islamic University , where they burned an American flag and demanded the expulsion of the ambassadors of the United States , Britain , Spain and Israel .
Demonstrations also took place in the northern Egyptian cities of Alexandria , Tanta and Kafr el-Sheikh .
In Amman , three protestors were hospitalised after some 500 Jordanian lawyers staged a sit-in at the main court house after being forcibly blocked by riot police from marching towards the Iraqi embassy to show their solidarity .
In Lebanon , hundreds of students gathered on the campuses of the Arab University of Beirut and the American University of Beirut calling for the assassination of US President George W .
0020 NEWS STORY 20030323 At least 200,000 in US , Canadian anti-war demonstrations = ( PICTURES ) = ATTENTION - UPDATES , ADDS details /// NEW YORK , March 23 ( AFP ) Some 70 people were arrested Saturday as demonstrators clashed with police at the end of a major peace rally here , as at least 200,000 anti-war protesters took to the streets across the United States and Canada .
For the most part the marches went off peacefully , but in New York a small group of protesters were arrested after they refused to go home at the end of their rally , police sources said .
Several police officers were treated for the effects of gas after the ensuing clashes -- a result , police said , of the demonstrators using self-defence devices .
Though opinion polls have shown public support for the war rising in the United States , opposition to military intervention in Iraq has given rise to an impassioned campaign .
`` One woman marched topless with the words `` shock and awe '' daubed across her back in red ink , a reference to the bombing campaign unleashed Friday on Baghdad .
Liana Owen drove 10 hours from Pennsylvania to attend the rally in Manhattan with her parents .
Several thousand demonstrators also gathered outside the White House in Washington , accompanied by a major security presence .
Some of the slogans sought to rebut war supporters ' arguments that the protests are unpatriotic .
`` We support our troops -- bring them home ! '' read one .
`` One group , Lesbians Against Boys Invading Anything , carried signs saying `` Pre-emptive war is terrorism , '' `` This is n't the USA I love , '' and `` Where Will the Bombs Fall Next ? '' Up to 20,000 protesters thronged the plazas and streets of San Francisco , where more than 1,600 people were arrested in the past two days in a civil disobedience campaign .
Between 2,500 and 3,000 people picketed the CNN studios in Los Angeles while others at the Atlanta headquarters protested the cable network 's coverage of the war for being biased toward the United States .
`` They make this look like a John Wayne movie , '' said protester Elvis Woods .
`` You watch CNN and all you get are explosions and video of tanks and guns .
Nobody questions whether this is right or not .
`` Counter-demonstrations in support of the US-led invasion of Iraq took place in some cities , with some 2,500 people turning out in Chicago .
Flying the US flag and reciting the pledge of allegiance , they outnumbered their anti-war counterparts by three to one .
Carrying signs that said , `` It 's the oil , stupid , '' and `` Real men do n't bomb children , '' the anti-war protesters waved blue Earth flags .
`` It 's crazy that we 're bombing Iraq .
It sickens me .
Holding a framed picture of her son , serving with the Army 's 3rd Infantry Division in Iraq , she said she did n't know whether he was dead or alive .
`` I 'm here to support him and others who are fighting for their country .
They would n't be here if it were n't for the freedoms that others fought for , '' she said .
Anti-war protests took place around the world Saturday after the start of the bombing of Baghdad .
Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Britain , Spain and Italy , whose governments approved of the war .
In Montreal , `` Stop the War , '' a coalition of more than 190 groups , said as many as 200,000 people turned out , though police refused to give a figure .
Protesters also gathered in their thousands in Halifax , Calgary , Edmonton and Vancouver .
Organizers of the civil disobedience campaigns promised to block intersections and bridges , shackle themselves to lampposts and create human cordons to snarl traffic , as long as the war continues .
Some 3,000 people have been arrested since the disobedience campaigns began last week .
0022 NEWS STORY 20030327 Indonesia delays execution of convicts including Indian on death row JAKARTA , March 27 ( AFP ) Indonesia will delay the execution of six convicts including an Indian on death row after five of them appealed to the Supreme Court for a second review , prosecutors said Thursday .
`` If we execute them now we ca n't bring them to life again should their appeals for a review be granted , '' said Antasari Azhar , spokesman for the attorney general 's office .
The Supreme Court rejected earlier appeals for a case review from five of the convicts .
The sixth offender has only made one appeal for a review .
Five of them are Indonesians convicted of murders while the other is an Indian drug offender , Ayodhya Prasad Chaubey .
`` We are talking about someone 's life or death so we have to be very careful , '' Azhar said .
A convict can file a case review or appeal for presidential clemency only after the Supreme Court upholds a sentence imposed by a lower court .
Apart from those convicted of murder , 16 people are on death row for drug trafficking -- 11 foreigners , four Indonesians and a Dutch citizen of Chinese-Indonesian origin .
Indonesian courts have increasingly handed out severe sentences , including death , for drug smugglers .
Amnesty International has appealed to Indonesia to spare the lives of convicted drug offenders and others , saying there was no proof the death penalty deters would-be traffickers more effectively than other punishments .
Amnesty opposes the death penalty for any crime .
Use of the death penalty is rare in Indonesia , where the last execution was carried out in May 2001 of two men convicted of a murder in 1989 .
A police firing squad enforces the penalty .
0224 NEWS STORY 20030327 More US troops to Iraq as Bush , Blair hold war talks = ( PICTURES ) = ATTENTION - ADDS details /// WASHINGTON , March 27 ( AFP ) Thousands of fresh US troops headed for Iraq Thursday as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W .
About 1,000 soldiers from the US Army 's 173rd Airborne Brigade parachuted into an airfield in a Kurdish-controlled area of northern Iraq , establishing a base through which to bring in more troops and tanks , Pentagon officials said .
And some 12,000 soldiers from the US Army 's 4th Infantry Division , which was supposed to have gone into northern Iraq through Turkey , began flying out of Fort Hood , Texas , Thursday to the region , a military fort spokeswoman told AFP .
The war in Iraq could last months and require considerable US military reinforcements to assure a victory , the Washington Post reported Thursday , quoting senior US military officials .
Most US army commanders believe it is critical to pause the breakneck advance towards Baghdad to secure the supply lines and make sure weapons are operable and troops resupplied after days of powerful sandstorms and damage inflicted by Iraqi attacks , the Post reports .
The Post also quoted Central Intelligence Agency and Pentagon intelligence analysts complaining that Bush officials largely ignored their warning that Iraqi irregular forces would use guerrilla tactics and offer significant resistance .
Publicly US officials have insisted that the war is going according to plan , and the most advanced US forces are currently some 100 kilometers ( 60 miles ) outside of Baghdad .
US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld dismissed worries that there were insufficient forces in the Gulf region if the battle for Baghdad goes wrong .
`` Meanwhile Blair arrived in Washington late Wednesday for two days of talks with Bush at the Camp David presidential retreat .
Blair faces an uphill battle to win Bush over to giving the UN oversight of a post-Saddam administration , as Washington officials are still angry at Germany , Russia , and especially France , over the failure to secure UN Security Council approval for military action .
Blair and Bush were to hold a joint press conference at 1600 GMT Thursday .
Britain has deployed some 45,000 troops to fight with the more than 250,000 US soldiers lined up against Iraqi troops .
Bush gave a new , stronger warning that the war could become drawn out .
`` We are interested in concluding this conflict , not having a pause right now or stopping right now , but concluding this as quickly as possible so we can get on with the rebuilding of Iraq and putting in place a better system of governance , '' Powell said in an interview with the Al-Jazeera Arab television network .
Powell , the most moderate member of the Bush cabinet , said he fully agreed with the president 's policy on Iraq and had no plans to leave .
0211 NEWS STORY 20030330 2,500 Japanese students in Osaka protest against Iraq war TOKYO , March 30 ( AFP ) Some 2,500 mainly university students formed a human chain in Japanese characters spelling out `` No War '' in Osaka on Sunday to protest against the ongoing US-led military campaign in Iraq .
The protest follows a string of others involving tens of thousands of peace activists across Japan since January .
According to a poll by Kyodo news agency released Saturday , 78 of 100 people surveyed opposed the military action in Iraq .
2454 WEB TEXT 2005-02-12T24:54:00 Please welcome a new staff member Austin Grad Community Sat , 12 Feb 2005 11:54:05 -0600 Please welcome a new staff member The following is from Mike Black : Friends : Please take some time next week to welcome a new staff member for Landmark Education in Houston ! Her name is Janine Beck , she is from Tucson , AZ , and she most recently has been the team leader for Landmark Education programs in Tucson ( the title is Source Person ) .
She will be the Registration Manager for the Houston Center , accountable for causing registrations into the Landmark Forum .
If you are married , your marriage is about making a difference in the world .
Please take a few moments to drop her a note ( I do not have an email address for her .
It will have to be snail mail ) , give her a call at the center , or send her a fax and welcome her to our Center .
Usually I say nothing about it although it has severly limited my life , no truthly changed it completely ! This time I decided to just say it up front and go back and talk about the good old days , when life was a kick ! I now live in Watertown , MA , 12 miles from Boston 's Logan airport , in a lovely two family house I bought as an investment with my boss , my 9 year old Yorkshire Terrier , Teddy ! I just turned 50 years old this Christmas .
I ran a software company for a few years and then started my own company , Pinnacle Business Enterprises and was under a 5 year exclusive contract with PriceWaterhouoseCoopers doing a lot of interesting things like Business Process Engineering , processes but mostly people and the effect new process would have on them .
Robibnikoff Thu , 4 Nov 2004 22:28:11 -0500 Re : Yasser Arafat declared Brain Dead My husband 's uncle died of it about a year before we got married .
com ( Daniel Kolle ) wrote : I watched two uncles die of lung cancer ( which gave me the impetus to give up smoking for good ) , and a close friend die of melanoma .
It's not a death I would wish on my worst enemy .
There was the free press in Qatar , al Jeezera but its ' offices in Kabul and Baghdad were bombed by Americans .
But as long as `` criticism is anti-semitism '' is the mentality , do n't act surprised that the Palestinians object to the Lebensraum ( a/k/a settlements ) and Israeli terrorism ( bombings , shooting farmers in their fields , bulldozing crops , destroying schools , shooting children , etc .
If the israelis wanted to kill Arafat , I think they 'd have better ways .
Demonstrations are routinely held against israel all over the world .
When in it 's 60 year long history has Israel ever stepped up the conflict , or cast the first stone ? Everyone has the right to defend themselves .
May I interpret this as your approving of the Nazi extermination of slavic people ? The extermination of kosovar albanians by native serbs ? Come talk to me once you decide a jewish and a muslim life are worth the same .
Compare & amp ; Contrast GWB 's Vision , Leadership , Excellent Management Talents , Endurance , Faith And Intelligence With LBJ 's Lack Of Same In The Vietnam War .
Leadership can be less rigidly defined and is concerned less with coordination than motivation and how a commander seeks to inspire his men to fight harder and endure worse privations in order to beat the enemy .
His planning for the war was inadequate and his monitoring of the war after the invasion failed to correct course in the face of the change in circumstances brought by a strong and unexpected insurgency .
That has not been the case with President Bush , who unleashed hell acting on faulty intelligence , failed to find any WMD , and left our boys at war wanting for armor .
That is not the sort of generalship that on rational grounds alone motivates men to march to possible death .
In theory , motivation is best carried out by a commander fighting alongside his men .
Make no mistake , even when we do n't desire a president with a preference for personal combat , the need for a commander to be seen to share dangers with his men is as imperative today as it was in times of Alexander of Macedon .
Bush , and even John Kerry , the loser , had distinguished military careers that were apt substitutes for leading men in battle .
The knowledge that the Commander-in-Chief once faced grave danger in war bravely can be the animating spirit of troops facing the same dangers .
In fact , CBS and carrier landings notwithstanding , there is every indication that in the peak of youth he avoided the dangers of war as much as he could .
The aim of grand strategy is a prosperous and secure peace , and by his several blunders over the psychology of his opponents , the political and economic effects of his actions , and the failure to erradicate terrorism and even capture he most wanted terrorist , George W .
But will it ? And at what price ? Are you willing to pay with a deficit of billions , thousands of Americans dead or badly wounded , and the unmeasurable disruption that a foreign war causes to the life of our nation at all levels , for each country in the world that is in the grip of a tyrant ? I am not .
But unilaterally , or worse leading a coalition featuring tyrannies , effect such change remains a bad idea , Iraq 's elections notwithstanding .
The interim government did n't hesitate to torture opponents , just like Saddam did .
Bush did n't do well in the industrial private sector where success is measured by return on investment .
I have contacted the UACC and told them about it so they can check the auctions ( she 's been doing this a long time ) and to tell me if she 's actually a registered member .
com 24 Feb 2005 12:33:29 -0800 Re : member of the uacc The only thing that being a UACC member means is that they paid membership dues .
On Saturday we hosted what was for the most part a largely successful Halloween party -- save for the fake blood stains on the carpet and bathroom walls , a couple beer spills , unnecessary fights and the expected trashing of the kitchen and living room areas .
Alas , too little too late was the case thanks to the inept Wyatt Sexton who has been our starter since replacing Rix earlier in the season .
1806 WEB TEXT 2004-11-01T18:06:00 They Refuse to Reason Scott 2004-11-01T18:06:00 I wish I could have been at a Pub , or wherever these people convene , to see the reactions from all the Britons who read the Telegraph this morning ( emphasis added ) : Britain 's gun laws are aimed at the wrong target , curbing and criminalising legal ownership while failing to tackle huge rises in shooting offences over the past few years , according to an international firearms legislation expert .
Prof Gary Mauser said that Britain was making the same mistake as Canada and Australia in focusing on legal owners - a section of the law-abiding community where gun crimes , such as the Dunblane massacre , were aberrations .
His warning comes as gun crime incidents are averaging about 29 a day in England and Wales , more than twice the level of when the Labour Government came to power in 1997 .
In the past two years , there have been cases of schoolchildren and a baby , killed or injured by guns .
`` Prof Mauser added : `` The sad truth is that while the police officers are inspecting farmers ' gun cabinets to see if they comply with regulations somewhere in the UK , someone , who has not filled in a firearms certificate form , will be smuggling a gun into the country or selling one to an inner city youth .
1347 WEB TEXT 2004-11-16T13:47:00 Get Off Their Backs Scott 2004-11-16T13:47:00 From Reuters : U.S. Marines rallied round a comrade under investigation for killing a wounded Iraqi during the offensive in Falluja , saying he was probably under combat stress in unpredictable , hair-trigger circumstances .
Marines interviewed on Tuesday said they did n't see the shooting as a scandal , rather the act of a comrade who faced intense pressure during the effort to quell the insurgency in the city .
He was probably running around being shot at for days on end in Falluja .
`` I would have shot the insurgent too .
`` Of course the anti-American world press is jumping all over this story , casually omitting the fact that just a day earlier the marine in question lost a fellow soldier who was attending to a dead insurgent that was booby-trapped with explosives .
Add the tactic of booby-trapping your own dead to the effective suicide bombings , and it 's clear to say that the Geneva Convention isn't on the minds of the insurgents .
For that I believe the Marines should handle dead and wounded insurgents by any means necessary to ensure their own safety and prevent a possible ambush .
I 'm no fan of this war either , but it irks me to no end reading and listening to civilian opinions on how soldiers should conduct themselves in hostile war zones from their comfortable recliners .
2313 WEB TEXT 2004-12-01T23:13:00 Not to be Ignored Scott 2004-12-01T23:13:00 More than a few e-mails have come in wondering why I have n't remarked on the horrible hunting tragedy on Nov .
21 that left six people dead , and why I have n't updated the ASSAULT WEAPONS BAN COUNTER .
But as for the assault weapons ban issue , the man accused of the brutal killings , Chai Vang of St. Paul , Minn , used a Russian-built Saiga 7 .
The ban expired in September and at the time of this posting , no one has been killed by any one of those weapons since the ban expired .
But let 's talk about this case , as I 'm sure discussions have started and many want stronger gun control because of this freak incident .
While the media use words like `` military style , '' `` assault '' and '' semiautomatic , '' the gun used in the slayings was not unlike a typical hunting rifle .
If convicted of the killings , Vang faces life in prison as Minnesota does not honor the death penalty .
I look forward to Vang 's conviction and I pray for the families of the victims .
What happened was indefensible and justice must be served .
`` The day the Nazis came to the hospital , someone came to our room and said : 'You have to cough , you have to cough a lot because they are afraid of the coughing , they do n't want to catch an awful disease and they wo n't enter ' .
2133 WEB TEXT 2004-12-08T21:33:00 It 's Just Armor Scott 2004-12-08T21:33:00 Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld took part in a Q & amp ; A with the troops today that was anything but cozy .
From the Associated Press : `` You go to war with the Army you have , '' Rumsfeld replied , `` not the Army you might want or wish to have .
Wilson , an airplane mechanic whose unit , the 278th Regimental Combat Team of the Tennessee Army National Guard , is about to drive north into Iraq for a one-year tour of duty , put his finger on a problem that has bedeviled the Pentagon for more than a year .
Rumsfeld said the Army was sparing no expense or effort to acquire as many Humvees and other vehicles with extra armor as it can .
`` You can have all the armor in the world on a tank and a tank can ( still ) be blown up , '' he said .
However , it 's the murder capital of the United States , '' he said .
Of course , I 'm sure the Democrats would also like to start winning elections again .
The fight is a central theme of the contest to head the Democratic National , particularly between two leading candidates : former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean , who supports abortion rights , and former Indiana Rep. Tim Roemer , an abortion foe who argues that the party can not rebound from its losses in the November election unless it shows more tolerance on one of society 's most emotional conflicts .
Of course outspoken organizations such as Planned Parenthood , which gives a lot of money to Democrats , will fight with everything they've got to keep the Democratic platform as liberal as possible .
Results from the last few elections suggest that would n't be such a good idea if they ever want to gain more power in Congress .
